My dad passed away three days ago at 59 years old

in a nursing home sharing a room with two other people.

and most of my crypto journey was dedicated to financially freeing myself up enough to move him into a house with me and my family to better care for him.

A few months ago I sent him a text and told him to "give me a few weeks" as I was preparing to launch 
@zapzipwallet
 and re-launch 
@apeoutmeme
 platform with it's own wallet now to help me achieve that goal with the advent of CREATOR FEES on http://pump.fun. but little did I know that I would get a call two days ago with the news that he had passed away and become unresponsive after eating breakfast at 7am that day.

This broke my heart in a way that nothing has ever before and I honestly don't know if I'm gonna continue in crypto and web3. My drive and fuel was the help my family and in a sense "Save" Them from economic situations and health incidents that sometimes occur in life and leave us crippled in ways that we aren't always prepared for.

My last project 
@apeoutmeme
 went to $400K MC and about 100 users in our beta launch before it died and I've still been building the most sophisticated #memecoin automation ever since with it currently undergoing a rebrand and platform re-launch.

This was before CREATOR FEES were a thing. I used all money generated to give back to community via giveaways and staking rewards and just to survive honestly after losing my TECH job with CVS Health in October of last year which is when 
@apeoutmeme
 was born.

Nobody ever said it would be this hard to lose a parent. Two people came together to bring me forth into this world and now one half of that connection has transitioned to somewhere else.

Long Live the Legacy and many blessings to my dad, may he watch over us and protect us.

To those of you who take things for granted and sit in the trenches all day trying to make it, think about what happens if you don't make it. And don't let money take over your life to the point where you forget what really matters.

If I could go back, a few months ago...I'd call my dad every single day just to hear his voice and let him know what I'm up to whether it be trading new memecoins, launching coins or creating new projects etc.

Don't build or grind in silence and think that things will be the same when your ready because they won't, and you won't be able to trade all the wealth and success back to have your loved ones again so cherish them NOW like they matter the most. Money is just a means to the real mission which is to help your family live happy, healthy lives and also protect them. I failed my Father or at least I feel like I did and now money doesn't mean what it used to mean for me. Of course I still need it to survive and pay bills and LIVE BUT I don't have a desire for it like I used to since one of the main purposes for which I was gonna use it for has become a lost cause since he passed. It's funny I actually owed him $1K since August but he didn't care, he just wanted me to call him more. I avoided it since I was too proud to call him and still being in debted to him when I said I would pay him back in a week or so. I had no idea this would happen. I honestly thought I had more time.

Maybe I thought I had more control than I actually did and maybe there wasn't anything I could do to change the outcome but then again If I had been a better financial position, he'd at least have been at home with me for his final moments or around family.

Nothing feels the same.
The trenches don't feel the same.
Winning doesn't feel the same.
Crypto doesn't feel the same.

EVERYTHING IS CHANGING. I WASN'T READY FOR IT AT ALL.

This is a list of everything I've done in crypto, I'm proud of everything I've built even if it failed. To anyone who supported me or my projects, I have always been doing my best to see to it that you all are made whole in whatever ways that I could which is another reason I strive so hard in this space. From building 
@CroCryptoClub
 to 
@jusbananasguild
 to being part of 
@CryptoCannaClub
 and finally launching 
@apeoutmeme
 with more projects such as 
@pumppixelhaven
 and 
@zapzipwallet
 being the two most recent.

It's all been an effort to build things that I want to see on the blockchain, take advantage of market opportunities and improve the ecosystem and OF COURSE...make money (let's be honest)



Geno
@genogrand_eth
·
Feb 4, 2023
I  honestly don't see how shifting the service fee/platform fee from the seller to the buyer will make it better.

What the purpose of "Gasless" Listings on #Cronos? 
It's not like gas prices on #CRO  are absurd, it's literally less than pennies most times. #crofam

not to mention that if the true intention is to onboard more people into #web3 and #nfts, then having a service fee for people who would now be entering into the "space" primarily as buyers sort of defeats that goal imo. Much respect tho Fizzle. I like these kinds convo's. #CRO